# Phase 4 - Individual Reports

## Russell Self (g3rs-cdf)

* My most significant contribution was the implementation of the basic server design, which we re-used for much of the server functionality as it was expanded. This is where we laid out the core functionality for handling HTTP requests, communicating with MySQL, processing JSON, and reading config from a file. Most of this was implemented in commit (note this commit also includes the JSON library that we used, which is from a third-party): [70a1c72b9675af10e8147cb1babfced896e8b669](https://github.com/csc301-fall2014/Proj-Evening-Team6-repo/commit/70a1c72b9675af10e8147cb1babfced896e8b669)
* I had to do some work to figure out how to implement SSL/TLS for HTTPS on the Android client. This involved using the Java standard library's cryptography functions along with some of the Android APIs. Since Java's API for these features was not straightforward, the experience I gained figuring it out would allow me to accomplish it faster on a future project. This was implemented in commit (see CSC301ConnectionManager.java): [60a0d7b8f0f3a9bec92d32ae5239eea939a13615](https://github.com/csc301-fall2014/Proj-Evening-Team6-repo/commit/60a0d7b8f0f3a9bec92d32ae5239eea939a13615)
* My strength as a team member was in trying to ensure that all of my code was tested before committing it. I wanted to avoid causing confusion for other team members by making sure my code did not produce errors when they pulled it, and I also made sure not to commit autogenerated binary files which do not belong in the repo. I never ran "git commit -a", and only added files manually as required, and tried to group them into meaningful commits.
* One thing I could improve as a team member would be making better use of branches to manage my code changes. I tended to use a single branch to make a large variety of changes for my own convenience, but other team members may find the changes easier to manage if they are spread across more branches.

----

## Gabriel Luong ([gabrielluong](https://github.com/csc301-fall2014/Proj-Evening-Team6-repo/commits?author=gabrielluong))

 * My most significant contribution was the implementation of a new main screen client UI in phase 4 [af620980](https://github.com/csc301-fall2014/Proj-Evening-Team6-repo/commit/af620980cb7f6cb1bc656e0f8df6ab409a55c70e). This helped improve the initial impression and user interaction upon loginning onto the application. The main screen was revamped to display a list of all the categories which helps user immediately navigate for threads aligned with their interests, and all the action buttons were moved to a drawer menu that can slide in and out.
 * Initially, I learned how to create new Android activities, which allowed for user inputs to be sent to a server, and displaying an user notification of the results ([70de7b](https://github.com/csc301-fall2014/Proj-Evening-Team6-repo/commit/70de7b1051fa7e7812d81a72ce8203e838484e7b), [bc3100e](https://github.com/csc301-fall2014/Proj-Evening-Team6-repo/commit/bc3100ea0564f2c7d216cba6665a2ebb9b91ec29), [6083920](https://github.com/csc301-fall2014/Proj-Evening-Team6-repo/commit/6083920d3433eafbf7f10b4714927d235d9529e7)). In Phase 3, I learned about Android Builders and Adapters from implementing a delete dialog prompt ([b3ccaf](https://github.com/csc301-fall2014/Proj-Evening-Team6-repo/commit/b3ccaf03378ac0b1228afe2daffd1f8c27f6204f)). Finally, I learned how to implement a navigation drawer in Phase 4 ([af62098](https://github.com/csc301-fall2014/Proj-Evening-Team6-repo/commit/af620980cb7f6cb1bc656e0f8df6ab409a55c70e)).
 * My main strengths as a team member were implementing features on the Android client and reviewing all the work for the final deliverable in each of the phases.
 * I should have taken more of a role to help keep my team organize, and suggested a new process where commits are peer reviewed through a pull request process prior to merging to master. I should've also deliver features on time instead of close to the due date.

----

## Felix Lu (g3luding)

 * My most significant contrubution was the design and implementation of the Android client side data display which was used in most of the client side to allow users to view data. I used an adapter to populate the Android ListView with the JSON objects. [32145dc77026a01428825bae98fa6997b401d8b7](https://github.com/csc301-fall2014/Proj-Evening-Team6-repo/commit/32145dc77026a01428825bae98fa6997b401d8b7)
 * Through working on this Android application I learned a lot about how Java servlets are used. We can easily match the request URL and send a response to the user through servlets. [ThreadServlet](https://github.com/csc301-fall2014/Proj-Evening-Team6-repo/blob/master/Phase2/csc301server/src/org/csc301team6/server/ThreadsServlet.java)
 * I try to fill in the gaps when people need help. During group meetings I give suggestions on how we can solve the problems. I never make negative contributions to the team such as never commiting code with bugs into the repository so others will not have to fix it.
 * I could try to be more active in the Facebook group conversation that we had. When someone needed help I could have probably spent some more time trying to answer them. I could have also tried to ask the people that implemented some parts of the code to explain the code to me so that I didn't have to spend a lot of time reading over it and start coding earlier.

----

## Ou Ye (g3lonely)
* My most significant contribution was the implementation of the basic user functions and design for the android client, which we use all the time to test the functionality of the methods and the server. This is where we laid out the core functionality for handling HTTP requests, parsing JSON, and displaying the content to the user. Most of this was implemented in this [commit](https://github.com/csc301-fall2014/Proj-Evening-Team6-repo/commit/165abba4db65cee383214b1c936a099520a396d9).
* While I was working on this project, I had to implement and establish the server connection through HTTPS on the Android client. This involved the use of external MySQL jar and running the server request in the background, through the process, I learned the technique of handling HTTP request and the use of AsyncTask. This was implemented in [commit](https://github.com/csc301-fall2014/Proj-Evening-Team6-repo/commit/65996b6a8d7146f10fa77e12cee4d8130405a5c8).
* My strength as a team member was in testing and implementing the functionality for the android client, and maintaining the quality of the code by ensuring that there is no duplicate code.
* My main weakness as a team member is perhaps the lack of consistency, I do most of my work at mid night and sleep during the day, and I tended to commit everything at once, making it hard for other team member to follow up. I could improve it by spreading the commit at different time interval.

----

## Guohao Yan (sccdmaomao)
* My contributions were implementing edit thread function that sends request to server on the android client. [commit](https://github.com/csc301-fall2014/Proj-Evening-Team6-repo/commit/3311d9ce95dfb6b4317d305e828b72aba6163291)
* There are a lot of new tecnical concepts I learned while working on this Messaging project, I learned how to connect and send requests to running servers on android, and handle HTTPS request on servers. As well as some experiences with MySQL. [commit](https://github.com/csc301-fall2014/Proj-Evening-Team6-repo/commit/60a0d7b8f0f3a9bec92d32ae5239eea939a13615)
* My main strength as a team member was implementing android client parts of the code, I focused mostly on button functionalities/actions, and android activities. I was also good at testing android client to make sure all exceptions were handled correctly and no errors can crash our client.
* As a team member I really should've improved on server side of the project, I implemented android side functions that send requests to server, but I had no idea how server is accepting the request and respond at the time.

----

## Fangzhou Yu(FrancesYu)

* My most significant individual contribution was implementation the administrator can delete a thread and create a new category. Both of them parse the JSONObject to string and send to server and update the server side data. [commit](https://github.com/csc301-fall2014/Proj-Evening-Team6-repo/commit/47feee433290f52080f76485e2e9d39f00734def), [commit](https://github.com/csc301-fall2014/Proj-Evening-Team6-repo/commit/3ffa8ad4aeeea6a5b5562d8fa4842c10eff00095). Also I implemented the subscribe to topic, when users view the threads they can choose to subscribe the related topics.
* I have learned a lot from this project. The most important part is how to use server and send the HTTP request. Also how to use JDBC connect to the mySQL server.
* My strength is I am a team player. Also I am a harder working person and I also happy to share my ideas to the team. I can finish the work that assigned on time, so I never doing changes in the last miniutes before the dealine.
* I have committed some code without testing, which I should never do that. That gives my team member a hard time. Also I always make many typos.

----

## Yu Xie(nbxieyu)

* My most significant contribution was the implementation of admin can delete the reply, which is
only for the administrator. This implementation allows the administrator to delete the reply which
may be improper.This implementation was in the commit
https://github.com/csc301-fall2014/Proj-Evening-Team6-repo/commit/9acca297461cfd87f3d3e6796ebb2afbcbcdcd2f
* I have to understand the impelemntation of the basic server design,which can help me to do
work on server part of this project. This impelmentation is related to hnadling HTTP requests,
communicating with MySQL,processing JSON,and reading config from a file, which are  in commit
https://github.com/csc301-fall2014/Proj-Evening-Team6-repo/commit/70a1c72b9675af10e8147cb1babfced896e8b669
* My strength as a team member was that i always consider other implementations that are related to
my work.Some impelemntations from other teammates may be elegant and helpful, so i can try to
improve and optimize my work.
* One thing i could improve as a team member would be doing more work for client part and documents.
i mainly work on server part,which may let me have less understanding of client part and design
process.

---
